DOCS-3512 For cloud TrueCommand installation, note the "discovered systems" icon (#1326)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/TCGettingStarted/Install/_index.md

When the True Command logo starts moving, check the TrueCommand Cloud email address for a verification message.
The email contains a link to the Portal to confirm the connection and activate the TrueNAS system.

> Click the **Discovered Systems** icon and select the TrueNAS system. TrueCommand will automatically fill ou the IP field using the WiredGuard address. Fill in the TrueNAS system nickname and password information from the TrueNAS system, and click *Add System*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion to make active voice present tense
Click the **Discovered Systems** icon and select the TrueNAS system. TrueCommand automatically fills out the IP field using the WiredGuard address. Fill in the TrueNAS system nickname and password information from the TrueNAS system, and click **Add System**.
```
